well howdy there I don't know the people
it's Bo again so today we're gonna talk
about whistling while drowning and what
we can expect from the administration
heading into the 2020 election because
the two things have a lot to do with
each other years ago I took one during
this first responder course and I had
great instructors they made everything
as realistic as possible
it was fantastic I used that information
a lot throughout the course of our life
but one day we're standing there on the
dock and we're about to learn how to
pull people out of the water who are
drowning and the instructor is like need
a volunteer she's gonna jump in the
water another instructor and she's gonna
behave like a role drowning victim I
need somebody to pull her out and I
understand the drowning victims struggle
I volunteer anyway I'm like I got this
I'm looking at her she is a tiny woman I
got this so she jumps in the water
starts to drowned I jumped in after she
bites me she bust my nose she kicks me
it was quite an ordeal I wound up
basically having to put her in a full
nelson to get her out of the water
people who are drowning panic people who
are slipping below the surface
panic panic the inability to affect self
help they panic the president is
drowning right now his poll numbers are
slipping his approval ratings are
slipping the position of his political
allies is weakening the economy is going
down all of these things are weighing on
him so in his mind what does he have to
do he has to energize his base he has to
energize his base and he thinks his base
is bigger than it is
he believes that his rhetoric carried
him to victory the reality is there was
a lot of negative voter turnout there
were a whole bunch of people who showed
up not to vote for Trump but to vote
against Hillary Clinton that's how he
want that had a whole lot to do with it
his base is not going to carry him to
victory but that's who he wants to
energize who is his base bigoted old
white men that's his base that is his
base yeah there are other demographics
that support him but generally it's
bigoted all white men so that is who he
is going to try to energize so he's
going to propose all kinds of things
that appeal to that crowd as an example
we're gonna end birthright citizenship
okay he says through executive order
that's not going to happen the only way
this can be done is by repealing the
14th amendment because that's where
birthright citizenship comes from that's
where it comes from that's how he would
have to to get rid of birthright
citizenship would be to repeal the 14th
amendment pretend you are part of his
base you are a bigoted an old white man
what is the 14th amendment historically
how is it looked at was passed in 1868
right after the Civil War this is an
amendment that if you are part of his
base well signal at the beginning of the
end
to your beliefs and here's the President
of the United States calling it
ridiculous man that is a huge dog
whistle a huge dog whistle
the other aspect something else that
just come up wants to indefinitely
detain migrant children okay why pretend
pretend for a moment you are not part of
his base why on earth would they need to
do this what possible reason does it
serve if their asylum claim is invalid
they get sent back why would you want to
hold him longer I mean we know that a
lot of it has to do with these probably
ending up and contracted facilities and
his friends are going to make money but
there's no logical reason to want to
hold them longer either they're let out
and they join the American family or
they're sent home if there's a problem
and they can't get it done in that time
frame well then they need to increase
efficiency not hold children longer
unless of course you believe that they
should be punished because they're
different
there's something other about them right
and the funny part about this is that
the people who actually use the 14th
amendment the birthright citizenship
thing that's not people from south of
the border they don't come across the
border and have a baby and say haha look
American citizen that's not a common
theme they come here to work they have a
kid that's how that happens if there are
demographics that actually do the birth
tourism thing to get that other
citizenship they're mainly from Eastern
Europe but it doesn't matter because the
president is a master at getting people
to kick down
getting them to kick down and that's
what this is he wants to energize his
base so you are going to see more and
more and more attacks on the
marginalized the others anybody that
isn't part of his base that's what
you're going to see from the president
if you're not part of that core group
you're gonna get hit because he's not
about serving the American people he's
about maintaining power
so these dog whistles that are going to
come out we just need to be ready for
them we need to be ready for them we
need to point them out every single time
address it the way it is yeah sure
either you are completely incompetent
and believe an executive order can
override an amendment to the
Constitution or your dog whistling to a
racist base those are the only options
is he stupid or is he a racist that's it
those are those are the only choices
there there's no way to get around this
it's very clear anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day